you know I believe that children are the
future and I said that way before that
song came out and since his election
season I thought it would be fun to talk
to some kids about politics it's
important to lay the groundwork so that
children grow up to become informed and
passionate members of society and
participants in government and so I
broke into a school and talked some
politics with kids
well hello there go ahead and have a
seat how are you good
okay well uh are you interested in
politics I don't even know what that is
okay would any of you like to be
President one day okay
yeah why not right what do you think the
best thing about being the president is
to not have to drive anywhere cuz the
work is right in his house okay okay
basically you get to do whatever you
want and make up rules for the United
States yes
you so protected you like that you'd
like to have Secret Service guys know to
make sure you don't get hurt right what
party do you belong to
Oh Sophia same right family how about
you guys Jillian a family a family party
yes I'm part of the birthday party
leaves a lot of cake a lot of cake no
wonder I wonder why me no wonder what's
the difference between a Democrat and a
Republican well
the Democrat is somebody who wants a
government to help people mm-hmm they
can't be helped and a Republican is
somebody who doesn't want to oh okay I
think we know where mommy and daddy
stand okay do you think there will ever
be a white president Alton I actually do
so you guys are optimistic that there
will be mostly because my dad is would
you vote for your dad as president no
I'll vote for the guy running against
you really
why do you say that first of all sighs a
small ring we got it thank you all he's
crazy why do you say he's crazy
sometimes he grabs me huh by my pants
and he throws me on my couch but you
don't think the president should be
grabbing people by their pants and so
I'm on the couch no be funny though very
funny if that was a reality show
so let me get you straight are you got
you're all unemployed right what does
that mean unemployed you have a job at
home is the set up the table for dinner
Oh hmm I have this little box of stuff
that me and my sister collect mm-hmm
I've made kind of ten dollars or
something well see you sell stuff from
the box
where do you get this stuff I'm all buys
for me so your mom buys you the stuff
and then you resell it her friend no
actually don't tell the truth really
well she doesn't really know I do this
mm-hmm so I put in this little hiding
spot they never find out so you're
running a fencing operation don't wanna
do it anymore
oh he's gonna but they keep pulling you
back in money how much money you have my
sister has so many going she gets up to
me she gives him me or you take them
sometimes I take you like a little Tony
Soprano aren't you we'll try talking to
you guys I hope that one day one of you
grows up to be President of the United
States oh if you are present in the
United States we do something special
for me yeah what were you compact really
Wow um you definitely got my vote Ben
that's for sure
Oh